<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>MoonClocks 1.0.2</title>
  <style type="text/css"><![CDATA[
    body { font: menu; margin: 2.2em; max-width: 52em; line-height: 1.45; }
    h1 { margin-top: 0; }
    code { background: #eee; padding: 0.1em 0.25em; }
    .note { color: #444; }
  ]]></style>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>MoonClocks 1.0.2</h1>
  <p class="note">MoonClocks is a Pale Moon and Epyrus XUL fork based on the GPL-licensed FoxClocks 4.2.3 codebase.</p>

  <h2>Changes in this release</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Fixed the bundled update/release information panel so it shows the current MoonClocks release version.</li>
    <li>Renamed the main internal install/update/help/release-note helper functions from <code>openFoxClocks*</code> to <code>openMoonClocks*</code>.</li>
    <li>Renamed the internal version helper from <code>getFoxClocksVersion()</code> to <code>getMoonClocksVersion()</code>.</li>
    <li>Added MoonClocks-named constants for the extension ID, local release-note URLs and settings extension.</li>
    <li>Kept the old <code>openFoxClocks*</code>, <code>getFoxClocksVersion()</code> and related constants as temporary compatibility aliases.</li>
    <li>No changes to the bundled timezone database; it remains IANA tzdb 2026b.</li>
    <li>The manifest-based timezone database update channel from MoonClocks 1.0.1 remains unchanged.</li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Main MoonClocks changes compared with FoxClocks 4.2.3</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Renamed fork with a new extension ID: <code>moonclocks@halvar666</code>.</li>
    <li>Internal chrome URLs use the <code>chrome://moonclocks/</code> namespace.</li>
    <li>Runtime preferences use the <code>extensions.moonclocks.*</code> branch.</li>
    <li>Pale Moon compatibility was updated for current versions.</li>
    <li>Epyrus support was added.</li>
    <li>Bundled timezone database was regenerated from IANA tzdb 2026b into the legacy FoxClocks schema 1.2 format.</li>
    <li>OpenStreetMap is used for location links instead of the old Google Earth integration.</li>
    <li>Local release notes are used instead of old upstream FoxClocks install/update web pages.</li>
    <li>MoonClocks 1.0.1 added a manifest-based timezone database update channel.</li>
  </ul>

  <h2>Important upgrade note</h2>
  <p>MoonClocks is a separate fork and uses a different extension ID than the original FoxClocks.</p>
  <p>Before installing MoonClocks, back up your profile and clock settings. Then uninstall the original FoxClocks extension, or any earlier FoxClocks Legacy / MoonClocks test build, restart the application, and install MoonClocks.</p>

  <h2>License note</h2>
  <p>MoonClocks is based on FoxClocks 4.2.3, licensed under GPL-2.0-or-later. The timezone database file was regenerated from the public IANA Time Zone Database. No source files from the WebExtension version of FoxClocks were used.</p>

  <h2>Icon attribution</h2>
  <p>The MoonClocks icon is based on the Europe icon by Icons8 and is used with attribution.<br />
  <a href="https://icons8.com/icon/APGJ1BQp3nID/europe">https://icons8.com/icon/APGJ1BQp3nID/europe</a></p>
</body>
</html>
